7572****76 Justin - Support Suffolk Node
7573****79 Cody - Support Suffolk Node
Adrian Francis - USA LEad
Lanzo Wallace - J6 - Project Lead of Suffolk Node
Christian "Woody" Specht - ACT - Air C2, MIP
Chi Ngo
Nico Bau - German - interoperability guy, background with MIP
Mark Dotson
Dominic Lecuyer NCIA - Hague - Technical - Asset Management, Data-Centric Security
Rui Fiske NCIA - Hague - Policy - Interoperability and Secure Sharing
Chuck Turnitsa
Phil Guy - NCIA - Lead
Vincenzo de Sortis - NCIA

NCDF Tiger Team
lead - Rydis Gertius
Sec - Mark Dotson
Purpose - primary, support CWIX, others

Training tomorrow with Rydis and Phil Guy

CWIX 22 planning - 
 1. Based on FMN service instruction (spiral 3) 
 2. Put draft instructions through a test
 3. Test is inmportant, to prepare for Final FMN Service Instruction Specification deadline of Nov 2022
 4. Each spiral is approx 2 years, so spiral 4 will be 2023, spiral 5 will be 2025. S0me think this is too fast)

Tiger Team Topics
 1. Data Centric Information Security Gateway team - trying to bring them into CWIX 2022 testing
    Above are developing software, a reusable module, based on CWIX21
 2. INTCOR program is about to release new version (October) - looking for a capability to automate mapping of NCDF to Semantic Reference Model
 3. Introduce Me - Training Session, Sept 10, 10-12
 4. Spiral 5 service instruction already drafted. CPWG guidelines being followed.
 
 Phil - Looking to add manpower to help manage CWIX activities (scheduling, etc)
 
 Rui - CWIX work includes
    1. Working with Canadians to determine bindings for exchanged data to objects
    2. Working with FMN profiles to compare the middle ware exchanges to align with what the agency desires (NCDF/Data Lake wise)
    
 Mark - Looking to stand up Data Lake node in Suffolk.  Starting with data and services etc from CWIX 2020
    Need diagram of what the data lake looks like with all complimentary services and software, etc - may be an architecture (me) product
    Focus on medical exchanges (as in CWIX 2021) - data came from Rydis
 
 Next Meeting - two weeks from today (Sept 23)
  On agenda: Perhaps look at Objectives list for CWIX 2022
 
 DMCAT - 18-22 October - Part on site in Brussels, Part online with Webex
   4 hour virtual sessions
   Tiger Team will meet during that time
   FMN/Data Management Syndicate work at that time
   
 
 
 
 
 